<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Document</title>
    <script src="code.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
<p>eJS is better than React?  Watch Text with Audio
Why use Vue instead of Angular?  Watch Text with Audio
What is the use of Vue CLI?  Watch Text with Audio
Quick tour of Vue-cli  Watch Text with Audio
What is the difference between Vue and Vue CLI? Watch Text with Audio
What does CLI stand for in Vue?  Watch Text with Audio
Is Vue CLI still supported?  Watch Text with Audio
How to Create First application with Vue.js   Watch Text with Audio
How to build a single page application using Vue js?  Watch Text with Audio
Anatomy of Hello world vue app  Watch Text with Audio
How to setup and run a vue app  Watch Text with Audio
    Working with Template & view model
What is vue.js template  Watch Text With Audio
What is viewmodel / vue instance?   Watch Text With Audio
What is Template syntax in vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Learn Interpolation in Vue.js  Watch Text With Audio
Directive in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Filters in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Shorthands in vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Javascript expressions in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Computed properties in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Watchers in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Class and style bindings in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
HTML classes in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Why Inline styles in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Conditional Rendering in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
 Vue instance revisited
Introduction to Basic vue instance usage  Watch Text  with Audio
What is Multiple vue instances   Watch Text  with Audio
Vue instance Lifecycle   Watch Text  with Audio
How to access data from outside vue instance   Watch Text  with Audio
What is Data and methods in the vue   Watch Text  with Audio
Learn more about $el, $data and $refs in Vue.js   Watch Text  with Audio



  Event handling
Introduction to event handling in Vue.js   Watch Text  with Audio
Learn how to work with events in vue.js   Watch Text  with Audio
What is Method Event handlers in Vue.js   Watch Text  with Audio
Manage event modifiers in Vue.js   Watch Text  with Audio
Key modifiers in Vue.js   Watch Text  with Audio


  Working with forms and two way binding
Introduction to two way binding via v-model in Vue.js    Watch Text  with Audio
How to handle user input with HTML form controls i...    Watch Text  with Audio
Data binding in Vue.js  Watch Text  with Audio
How to use dot lazy, dot number, dot trim modifier...   Watch Text  with Audio
Submitting a form in Vue.js   Watch Text  with Audio

  Introduction to components

What are components in Vue.js    Watch Text  with Audio
Why components in Vue.js     Watch Text  with Audio
Hello World component in Vue.js    Watch Text  with Audio
Anatomy of a component in vue.js    Watch Text  with Audio
Registering Components Locally and Globally in Vue.js    Watch Text  with Audio
Root Component in Vue.js    Watch Text  with Audio
Thinking in components in Vue.js   Watch Text  with Audio
How to composing application as components in Vue.js   Watch Text  with Audio

  Passing data to components
Props, parent to child communication in Vue.js   Watch Text  with Audio
Custom events, child to parent In Vue.js    Watch Text  with Audio
Non parent child communication event emitter style...   Watch Text  with Audio

  Content distribution with slots
Introduction to compilation scope in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
How to create single slot in Vue.js     Watch Text With Audio
How to create named slot in Vue.js     Watch Text With Audio
How to create scoped slot in Vue.js     Watch Text With Audio


  Dynamic Components
How to switch Multiple Components with Dynamic Com...    Watch Text With Audio
Dynamic Component Behavior in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Keeping Dynamic Components Alive in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
What is lifecycle hooks in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio

  Custom directives
Introduction to custom directives in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
How to develop directive hook functions in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Passing values and arguments to custom directive i...   Watch Text With Audio
Directive hook arguments in Vue js   Watch Text With Audio
Developing custom directive in Vue js   Watch Text With Audio

  Mixins
Introduction to Mixins in Vue js   Watch Text With Audio
Creating and using mixins in Vue js   Watch Text With Audio
What is option merging in Vue js    Watch Text With Audio
Global mixin in Vue js    Watch Text With Audio


  Filters
Introduction to filters in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Uses of local filters in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Uses of global filters in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Uses of chaining filters in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio

  Remote communication with Vue.js
How to use vue-resource to working with HTTP in Vu...     Watch Text With Audio
How to fetch data in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Post data to server in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Request Response Interception in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Create Template URLs in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
  Routing
Introduction to routing in Vue.js     Watch Text With Audio
How to set up vue-router in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Loading routes in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Routing modes in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Navigation with router links in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Styling active links in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Imperative navigation in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Route Parameters in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
How to set up child or nested routes in vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Named routes in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio
Query parameters in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Named router views in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Wildcard routes in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Usage of route guards in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio

  State Management
Introduction to state management in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio 
What is need for state management in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
What is vuex in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
How to create centralized store in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
How to create understanding Getters in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Using Getters in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Mapping Getters to Properties in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio

  Understanding Mutations
Usage of Mutations in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio 
Using Actions in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
How to mapping Actions to Methods in Vue.js    Watch Text With Audio

  Unit testing
Introduction to unit testing in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
Setup and tooling in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio
How to use testing components in Vue.js   Watch Text With Audio







1 - What is VueJS       Watch Text With Audio
2 - What are the major features of VueJS     Watch Text With Audio
3 - What are the lifecycle methods of VueJS    Watch Text With Audio
4 - What are the conditional directives    Watch Text With Audio
5 - What is the difference between v-show and v-if directives    Watch Text With Audio
6 - What is the purpose of v-for directive?    Watch Text With Audio
7 - What is a vue instance?    Watch Text With Audio
8 - How do you achieve a conditional group of elements?    Watch Text With Audio
9 - How do you reuse elements with a key attribute?    Watch Text With Audio
10 - Why should you not use if and for directives together on the same element?    Watch Text With Audio
11 - Why do you need to use a key attribute on for directive?   Watch Text With Audio
12 - What are the array detection mutation methods?    Watch Text With Audio
13 - What are the array detection non mutation methods?    Watch Text With Audio
14 - What are the caveats of array changes detection?    Watch Text With Audio
15 - What are the caveats of object changes detection?    Watch Text With Audio
16 - How do you use for directive with a range?    Watch Text With Audio
17 - How do you use for directive on template?    Watch Text With Audio
18 - How do you use event handlers?    Watch Text With Audio
19 - What are the event modifiers provided by vue?    Watch Text With Audio
20 - What are key modifiers?    Watch Text With Audio
21 - How do you define custom key modifier aliases?    Watch Text With Audio
22 - What are the supported System Modifier Keys?    Watch Text With Audio
23 - What are the supported Mouse Button Modifiers?    Watch Text With Audio
24 - How do you implement two way binding?    Watch Text With Audio
25 - What are the supported modifiers on model?    Watch Text With Audio
26 - What are components and give an example?   Watch Text With Audio
27 - What are props?   Watch Text With Audio
28 - When component needs a single root element?     Watch Text With Audio
29 - How do you communicate from child to parent using events?    Watch Text With Audio
30 - How do you implement model on custom input components?    Watch Text With Audio
31 - What are slots?     Watch Text With Audio
32 - What is global registration in components?    Watch Text With Audio
33 - Why do you need local registration?     Watch Text With Audio
34 - What is the difference between local and global registration in module system?    Watch Text With Audio
35 - What are possible prop types?    Watch Text With Audio
36 - What is the data flow followed by props?    Watch Text With Audio
37 - What are non prop attributes?     Watch Text With Audio
38 - Describe about validations available for props?     Watch Text With Audio
39 - How do you customize model directive for a component?    Watch Text With Audio
40 - What are the possible ways to provide transitions?    Watch Text With Audio
41 - What is vue router and their features?    Watch Text With Audio
42 - What are the steps to use vue router and give an example?    Watch Text With Audio
43 - What is dynamic route matching?    Watch Text With Audio
44 - How to make router param changes as reactive?    Watch Text With Audio
45 - What is route matching priority?    Watch Text With Audio
46 - What are nested routes?     Watch Text With Audio
47 - What are single file components?     Watch Text With Audio
48 - Is Single File Components violating separation of concerns?    Watch Text With Audio
49 - What are the problems solved by Single File Components?    Watch Text With Audio
50 - What are filters?    Watch Text With Audio
51 - What are the different ways to create filters?    Watch Text With Audio
52 - How do you chain filters    Watch Text With Audio
53 - Is it possible to pass parameters for filters?    Watch Text With Audio
54 - What are plugins and their various services?    Watch Text With Audio 
55 - How to create a plugin?    Watch Text With Audio
56 - How to use a plugin?     Watch Text With Audio
57 - What are mixins?       Watch Text With Audio
58 - What are global mixins?      Watch Text With Audio
59 - How do you use mixins in CLI?     Watch Text With Audio
60 - What are the merging strategies in mixins?     Watch Text With Audio
61 - What are custom options merging strategies?    Watch Text With Audio
62 - What are custom directives?    Watch Text With Audio
63 - How do you register directives locally?   Watch Text With Audio
64 - What are the hook functions provided by directives?  Watch Text With Audio
65 - What are the directive Hook Arguments?  Watch Text With Audio
66 - How do you pass multiple values to a directive?  Watch Text With Audio
67 - What is function shorthand in directive hooks?  Watch Text With Audio
68 - What is the benefit of render functions over templates?  Watch Text With Audio
69 - What is a render function?  Watch Text With Audio
70 - Explain the structure of createElement with arguments   Watch Text With Audio
71 - How can you write duplicate virtual nodes in a component?  Watch Text With Audio
72 - List down the template equivalents in render functions?  Watch Text With Audio
73 - What are functional components?  Watch Text With Audio
74 - What are the similarities between VueJS and ReactJS?  Watch Text With Audio
75 - What is the difference between VueJS and ReactJS?  Watch Text With Audio
76 - What are the advantages of VueJS over ReactJS?  Watch Text With Audio
77 - What are the advantages of ReactJS over VueJS?  Watch Text With Audio
78 - What are the differences between VueJS and Angular?  Watch Text With Audio
79 - What are dynamic components?  Watch Text With Audio
80 - What is the purpose of keep alive tag?  Watch Text With Audio
81 - What are async components?  Watch Text With Audio
82 - What is the structure of async component factory?  Watch Text With Audio
83 - What are inline templates?  Watch Text With Audio
84 - What are X Templates?  Watch Text With Audio
85 - What are recursive components?  Watch Text With Audio
86 - How do you resolve circular dependencies between components?  Watch Text With Audio
87 - How do you make sure vue application is CSP complaint?  Watch Text With Audio
88 - What is the difference between full and runtime only builds?  Watch Text With Audio
89 - List down different builds of vuejs?  Watch Text With Audio
90 - How do you configure vuejs in webpack?  Watch Text With Audio
91 - What is the purpose of vuejs compiler?  Watch Text With Audio
92 - What is Dev Tools and its purpose?   Watch Text With Audio
93 - What is the browser support of VueJS?  Watch Text With Audio
94 - How do you use various CDNs?   Watch Text With Audio
95 - How do you force update?  Watch Text With Audio
96 - What is the purpose of vuejs once directive?  Watch Text With Audio 
97 - How do you access the root instance?   Watch Text With Audio
98 - List out top 10 organizations using Vuejs?   Watch Text With Audio
99 - What is the purpose of renderError?   Watch Text With Audio
100 - How do you access parent instance?   Watch Text With Audio
101 - What is vuex?  Watch Text With Audio
102 - What are the major components of State Management Pattern? Watch Text With Audio
103 - How do you represent one way data flow in vuex? Watch Text With Audio
104 - What is a vuejs loader?  Watch Text With Audio
105 - How do you configure vue loader in webpack?   Watch Text With Audio
106 - What are asset url transform rules?   Watch Text With Audio
107 - How do you work with preprocessors using vue loader?   Watch Text With Audio
108 - What is scoped CSS?   Watch Text With Audio
109 - Is it possible to mix both local and global styles?   Watch Text With Audio
110 - How do you use deep selectors?   Watch Text With Audio
111 - Is parent styles leaked into child components in scoped css?  Watch Text With Audio
112 - How do you style dynamic generated content using scoped css?  Watch Text With Audio
113 - Is CSS modules supported in Vuejs?  Watch Text With Audio
114 - Can I use runtime builds for all templates?  Watch Text With Audio
115 - How to use CSS modules in vuejs?  Watch Text With Audio
116 - Can I use CSS modules for preprocessors?   Watch Text With Audio
117 - Is it possible to use custom inject name for CSS modules?  Watch Text With Audio
118 - What is hot reloading in vue loader?  Watch Text With Audio
119 - What is the default behavior of hot reloading?  Watch Text With Audio
120 - How do you disable hot reloading explicitly?  Watch Text With Audio
121 - How do you use hot reloading?   Watch Text With Audio
122 - What are state preservation rules in hot reloading?   Watch Text With Audio
123 - How to create functional components using vue loader?  Watch Text With Audio
124 - How do you access global properties of functional components?  Watch Text With Audio
125 - How do you perform testing in vuejs?  Watch Text With Audio
126 - How do you apply linting for css?  Watch Text With Audio
127 - How do you use eslint plugin?  Watch Text With Audio
128 - What is the purpose of eslint loader?  Watch Text With Audio
129 - What is CSS extraction?   Watch Text With Audio
130 - What are custom blocks?   Watch Text With Audio
131 - What are the features of stylelint?  Watch Text With Audio
132 - What are the principles for vuex application structure?  Watch Text With Audio
133 - Does Vuex support hot reloading??   Watch Text With Audio
134 - What is the purpose of hotUpdate API of vuex store?  Watch Text With Audio
135 - How do you test mutations?   Watch Text With Audio
136 - How do you test your getters?   Watch Text With Audio
137 - What is the procedure to run tests in node?   Watch Text With Audio
138 - What is the procedure to run tests in browser?  Watch Text With Audio
139 - What is the purpose of strict mode in vuex?   Watch Text With Audio
140 - Can I use strict mode in production environment?   Watch Text With Audio
141 - What is vuex plugin?  Watch Text With Audio
142 - How do you mutate state in plugins?  Watch Text With Audio
143 - What is vuex store?  Watch Text With Audio
144 - What are the differences of vuex store and plain global object? Watch Text With Audio
145 - What is the reason not to update the state directly?
146 - What is Single state tree?  Watch Text With Audio
147 - How do you install vuex?  Watch Text With Audio
148 - Do I need promise for vuex?   Watch Text With Audio
149 - How do you display store state in vue components?   Watch Text With Audio
150 - How do you inject store into child components?   Watch Text With Audio
151 - What is map State helper?   Watch Text With Audio
152 - How do you combine local computed properties with mapState helper?   Watch Text With Audio
153 - Do you need to replace entire local state with vuex?   Watch Text With Audio
154 - What are vuex getters?   Watch Text With Audio
155 - What is a property style access?   Watch Text With Audio
156 - What is a method style access?   Watch Text With Audio
157 - What is mapGetter helper?   Watch Text With Audio
158 - What are mutations?   Watch Text With Audio
159 - How do you commit with payload?   Watch Text With Audio
160 - What is object style commit?   Watch Text With Audio
161 - What are the caveats with vuex mutations?   Watch Text With Audio
162 - Why mutations should be synchronous?  Watch Text With Audio
163 - How do you perform mutations in components?  Watch Text With Audio
164 - Is it mandatory to use constants for mutation types?   Watch Text With Audio
165 - How do you perform asynchronous operations?   Watch Text With Audio
166 - What are differences between mutations and actions?   Watch Text With Audio
167 - Give an example usage of actions?   Watch Text With Audio
168 - How do you dispatch actions?  Watch Text With Audio
169 - Can you dispatch an action using payload or object?  Watch Text With Audio
170 - Can I use styled components in vuejs?   Watch Text With Audio
171 - How do you dispatch actions in components?  Watch Text With Audio
172 - How do you compose actions?  Watch Text With Audio
173 - What are modules in vuex?   Watch Text With Audio
174 - What is module local state?    Watch Text With Audio
175 - What is namespacing in vuex   Watch Text With Audio
176 - What is the default namespace behavior in vuex?  Watch Text With Audio
177 - When do you reuse modules?   Watch Text With Audio
178 - What are the principles enforced by vuex?   Watch Text With Audio
179 - Can I perform mutations directly in strict mode?   Watch Text With Audio
180 - How to use model directive with two way computed property?  Watch Text With Audio
181 - What is Vue CLI?  Watch Text With Audio
182 - What are the features provided by Vue CLI?  Watch Text With Audio
183 - What is instant prototyping?  Watch Text With Audio
184 - How do you create project using Vue CLI?   Watch Text With Audio
185 - How do you create project using GUI?   Watch Text With Audio
186 - What are plugins in vue CLI?   Watch Text With Audio
187 - How do you install plugins in an existing Vue CLI project?   Watch Text With Audio
188 - How to access local plugins in a project?   Watch Text With Audio
189 - How do you create UI plugins kind of behavior?   Watch Text With Audio
190 - What are presets?  Watch Text With Audio
191 - What is the versioning behavior in preset plugins?   Watch Text With Audio
192 - How do you allow plugin prompts?  Watch Text With Audio
193 - What are remote presets?   Watch Text With Audio
194 - Can I use local presets?     Watch Text With Audio
195 - What is the purpose of browserslist option?    Watch Text With Audio
196 - How do you find VueJS version using API?   Watch Text With Audio
197 - How do you create reactive objects   Watch Text With Audio
198 - What is the purpose new slot directive?   Watch Text With Audio
199 - What is the use of compile method?   Watch Text With Audio
200 - What does nextTick do in VueJS?  Watch Text With Audio
201 - What is async error handling?   Watch Text With Audio
202 - What are Dynamic Directive Arguments?   Watch Text With Audio
203 - What are the drawbacks of dynamic directive arguments?   Watch Text With Audio
204 - What is the special handling for null values in dynamic directive arguments?  Watch Text With Audio
205 - Can I use dynamic directive null value for slots?   Watch Text With Audio
206 - What is Vue I18n plugin?   Watch Text With Audio
207 - #What are the types of formatting?   Watch Text With Audio
208 - What is custom formatting?   Watch Text With Audio
209 - How do you handle Pluralization?   Watch Text With Audio
210 - How to implement DateTime localization?   Watch Text With Audio
211 - How do you implement Number localization?   Watch Text With Audio
212 - How do you perform locale changing   Watch Text With Audio
213 - What is Lazy loading translations?   Watch Text With Audio
214 - What is the main difference between method and computed property?   Watch Text With Audio
215 - What is vuetify?   Watch Text With Audio
216 - How do you watch for nested data changes?   Watch Text With Audio
217 - How to trigger watchers on initialization?   Watch Text With Audio
218 - What is the purpose of comments option?   Watch Text With Audio
219 - How to identify whether code is running on client or server?   Watch Text With Audio
220 - How do you watch route object changes?  Watch Text With Audio
221 - How do you sync current route in vuex store?  Watch Text With Audio
222 - What are navigation guards in vue router?   Watch Text With Audio
223 - Can I use computed property in another computed property?  Watch Text With Audio
224 - How can I use imported constant in template section?  Watch Text With Audio
225 - Is recommended to use async for computed properties?   Watch Text With Audio
226 - What happens if you use duplicate field names?   Watch Text With Audio
227 - Why the component data must be a function?   Watch Text With Audio
228 - What is the reason for recommendation for multi-word component names?   Watch Text With Audio
229 - How to use composition API in Vue2.0?   Watch Text With Audio
230 - What is composition API?   Watch Text With Audio
231 - What is the best way to re-render a component?   Watch Text With Audio
Posted by Vlr Training at 20:53 
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
No comments:

Post a Comment

Note: only a member of this blog may post a comment.


Newer PostOlder PostHome
Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)
Sales Force CPQ training
https://www.vlrtraining.com
https://www.htmlwasher.com/
Mendix Online/Classroom Training in Hyderabad
Mendix Online Classroom</p>


</body>
</html>
